<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
	xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
	xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
	xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
	xmlns:rich="http://richfaces.org/rich"
	xmlns:a4j="http://richfaces.org/a4j">
<ui:composition template="/resources/templates/template.xhtml">
	<ui:define name="title">History - Johnnie Walker XI</ui:define>
	<ui:define name="body">
		<div class="fullcontentbox">
			<p>The team that came to be known as the Johnnie Walker XI was
				formed in October 2006, when a group of friends from the town of
				Shepparton decided to form their own side. The team played under the
				guise of Shepparton &amp; Youth Club United Cricket Club. In
				December 2006, 5 noble young men embarked on a fateful quest to
				Flanagan’s Irish Bar. The crusade was led by initial captain Warren
				Sidebottom, followed by shining star Simon O’Shea, the club's first
				centurion Chris Taylor, captain-in-waiting Vaughan Garner and token
				red-head Colin Finn. After a couple of beers to start the night, the
				clan spotted a promotion that offered a free Johnnie Walker “baggy
				red” cap with four Johnnie Walker stubbies purchased. Sensing an
				opportunity to wear such a cap and make the team look amazing, as
				well as a reason to indulge in several beverages, a decision was
				made to fit the entire team out in the caps. The result was 44
				stubbies between 5 men, for a gain of 11 glorious pieces of
				headwear. The caps would become a distinctive feature of the team
				following the Christmas break, and the pride and fight that the team
				showed under the caps would set the benchmark for many seasons to
				come.</p>
			<div align="center" class="photocontain">
				<h:graphicImage styleClass="photo" library="images" name="caps.jpg"
					width="500" />
				<div class="photocaption">
					A cherished, brand new baggy red beside Vaughan Garner's 51
					match-old trophy<br />
				</div>
			</div>
			<br />
			<br />
			<p>The JWXI went into recess in 2007/08, after just missing out
				on a finals berth, as founding members went their separate ways, but
				the caps continued to be worn with pride wherever required. The
				future direction was unclear, however before the beginning of the
				2008/09 season, Taylor, who along with Garner had since moved to
				Melbourne, was inspired to rekindle the flame, and approached the
				Glenroy CC in the hope that they would host the side. Glenroy
				obliged, recruitments were made, head-hunting was performed
				(apologies to Sunshine and Flemington) and caps were purchased –
				this time via Ebay (recent advances in technology mean that caps are
				available through a thing called ‘internet’) – with the hope that
				all would be in readiness for the first game of the season. With a
				week before match day 1, Garner was given the massive honour of
				following in the footsteps of the legendary Sidebottom as captain,
				with former Shepparton resident Clinton Murdoch named as his deputy.
				Unfortunately, a number of near misses and player shortages resulted
				in a bottom two placing.</p>
			<p>2009/10 saw an influx of new players, and for the first time,
				JWXI was able to consistently field teams with little to no change.
				Garner’s decision to step down gave rise to the off field/on field
				captaincy combination of Taylor and Murdoch, and with increased
				output from a number of key players, a maiden finals appearance was
				achieved, although the joy was short-lived following a first week
				exit.</p>
			<p>In the meantime, plans were well underway to take JWXI to
				Mildura for the annual Willowfest carnival. As well as bringing the
				team some lovely coloured shirts to complement the baggy red, the
				availability of several players from both Shepparton and Melbourne
				resulted in an eclectic mix of past and present players, as well as
				some new faces in Harley Green and Travis Murdoch, who happened to
				be our two best players. A third placing confirmed the rise and rise
				of the Johnnie spirit.</p>
			<div align="center" class="photocontain">
				<h:graphicImage styleClass="photo" library="images"
					name="wf09team.jpg" width="500" />
				<div class="photocaption">
					Inaugural Willowfest Team vs Hutt River at Dareton, December 27,
					2009<br />Top: Cooper "No Legs" Reid, Clinton Murdoch, Chris
					Taylor, Pete Gourlay, Simon O'Shea. <br />Bottom: Pete Barclay,
					Matt Barclay (c), Vaughan Garner, Travis Murdoch, Damien Taylor. <br />Too
					cool for rest of team: Harley Green
				</div>
			</div>
			<br />
			<br />
			<p>Back for a third season in Melbourne, 2010/11 saw a changing
				of the guard with Murdoch, Garner and Jarryd Mills - all major
				contributors to the previous season's success - departing for turf
				cricket. As a result, Taylor was left to both control the team on
				his own and take the gloves. As in previous seasons, success was
				immediate with three wins on the trot, however Taylor's departure
				overseas threw the future of the season into uncertainty. Following
				the Christmas break, Geoffrey Williams decided to make a comeback
				and take the reins, however success deserted the team immediately.
				Another player shortage meant that, for the first time since the
				schoolies absence of year one, the Johnnies were unable to field a
				side in their division, however on this occasion the shortage was
				more permanent, signalling a premature and disappointing end to the
				season.</p>
			<p>Success was more forthcoming in Mildura for the JWXI's second
				Willowfest sojourn. With an allstar lineup, the lads dominated the
				pool matches, but fell at the final hurdle as the heat and fatigue
				took their toll. There would be no such trouble at the 2011 carnival
				- consistent performances throughout the week saw the boys make
				history with the Johnnies' maiden flag. It couldn't have been much
				sweeter than pipping 2010 conquerors Kangarilla B on net run rate.
				The golden run almost carried the born again Melbourne boys over the
				line, but after suffering just two losses for the home and away
				season, a narrow semi final defeat cruelled the dream of back to
				back premierships, leaving our playoff record at a poor 0-3.</p>
			<div align="center" class="photocontain">
				<h:graphicImage styleClass="photo" library="images" name="wf11.jpg"
					width="500" />
				<div class="photocaption">
					2011 Willowfest C Grade Premiers, December 30, 2011<br />Top: Colin
					Finn, Pete Barclay, Simon O'Shea, Vaughan Garner, Patrick Lahn, Ben
					Mason, Matt Barclay, Rhys Collier. <br />Bottom: Michael Dann,
					Andrew Dowell, Warren Sidebottom, Josh O'Dwyer, Clinton Murdoch. <br />Absent:
					Kale Cetinich
				</div>
			</div>
			<br />
			<br />
			<p>With player numbers thinning, the Melbourne journey came to an
				end, leaving the Willowfest boys to continue the legacy by
				attempting the first title defence. In our first crack at B Grade,
				two narrow losses - one by a run to arch rivals Hutt River and one
				on the last ball of the innings - were all that stood between
				another flag and our eventual fourth placing.</p>
			<div align="center" class="photocontain">
				<h:graphicImage styleClass="photo" library="images" name="wf12.jpg"
					width="500" />
				<div class="photocaption">
					2012 Willowfest B Grade vs The Toads at Aero Oval #1, December 30,
					2012<br />Top: Michael Dann, Chris Barclay, Colin Finn, Matt
					Barclay (c), Ben Mason, Clinton Murdoch, Vaughan Garner. <br />Bottom:
					Warren Sidebottom, Andrew Dowell, Damien Taylor, Josh O'Dwyer. <br />Hello
					Ladies: Pete Barclay <br />
				</div>
			</div>
		</div>
	</ui:define>
</ui:composition>
</html>