<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
	xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
	xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
	xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
	xmlns:rich="http://richfaces.org/rich"
	xmlns:a4j="http://richfaces.org/a4j">
<ui:composition template="/resources/templates/template.xhtml">
	<ui:define name="title">Team Rules - Johnnie Walker XI</ui:define>
	<ui:define name="body">
		<div class="fullcontentbox">
			<p>These rules were written up before the Johnnies' first
				Melbourne season. Prize funds were frozen by differing opinions of
				the dropped catch rule and analness, however in general the rules
				have been faithfully abided by for several seasons.</p>
			<ol>
				<li>There are no prizes for mediocrity - a $2 fine will be
					incurred for a dropped catch or a duck. Difficulty of catch dropped
					will be considered on the day, for example, a diving effort to get
					a finger on it will not be considered dropped for fine purposes.
					Being hit for 6 is allowed as we are playing in a 35 over
					competition - hacks will be in their element, and let's face it;
					anyone can hit a good ball for 6 if they're lucky.</li>
				<li>There are however prizes for a fair dinkum good effort, as
					follows:
					<ul>
						<li>50 runs / 5 wickets = 6 pack</li>
						<li>100 runs / 7 wickets / hat trick = Slab</li>
						<li>Amazing catch = negotiable, depending on a range of
							factors (eg. big dive, 1 or 2 hands, landing on neck etc.)</li>
					</ul>
				</li>
				<li>2 front foot no-balls within 2 overs means out of the
					attack, most likely for the rest of the match, and possibly a punch
					in the shoulder from each teammate. No-balls are unnecessary and
					very, very annoying - as well as giving up a hard earned run to the
					opposition - so for any critics of this rule, be glad that you're
					allowed 1.</li>
				<li>Attack! Stonewalling has no place in both the JWXI and a 35
					over one-day competition. We're playing on synthetic pitches on
					small grounds with limited time, so we need to get a wriggle on
					from the get go. There's a reason a batsman carries a piece of
					willow (or in some cases balsawood) to the middle, and it's not to
					chop down a tree or build a small fort.</li>
				<li><p>Sledging. A well directed remark at the opposition
						is good, but a one-liner at your own teammate is priceless. Just
						because you're on the same team as someone, doesn't make that
						person any better at the game than the XI on the other side of the
						fence, so make sure no mistake goes unnoticed - especially if that
						XI is too quiet or stupid to say anything. Plus, for some unknown
						reason, it feels a hell of a lot funnier as well.</p>
					<p>Previous example - first delivery of the 2006/07 season
						bowled by Christine Naylor* (first game of the soon to be named
						JWXICC), ball is struck to point, where the fielder Dawn Farmer*
						inexplicably flicks the ball over her own head for 4 in an attempt
						to knock it back to backup fielder Simone O'Dea*. Unknown player*
						remarks "Well this is going to be a good season isn't it".</p>
					<p>(* players names and genders have been altered to protect
						identity)</p>
					<p>(P.S. JWXICC actually went on to notch it's maiden victory
						in the same match, proving that sledging your teammate will not
						break his spirit)</p></li>
				<li>11 bowlers, 11 batsmen. Racial equality may not have been
					reached yet in this country (Cronulla riots) but cricketing
					equality is well and truly alive in the JWXI. Everyone will get a
					go regardless of skill level, so don't throw a wobbly if you only
					bowl 4 overs. Besides, in a 35 over innings you can only bowl 8
					overs anyway.</li>
				<li>Here's to drinking. You might get a go regardless of skill
					level, but you only need to look as far as the name that the team
					bears to realise that drinking is essentially what the team stands
					for (never during a game though, original members will know the
					repurcussions of such incidents). This is not a rule per se, but it
					is a recommendation that a player of the JWXI attends all pre and
					post-match events with a typical Australian swagger, and doesn't
					use the excuse "But we're playing tomorrow". Arguments have been
					raised about the effects of drinking before a game, but there is
					enough evidence to suggest that performance is improved. And even
					if it's not, it's still more entertaining than a quiet Saturday
					afternoon.</li>
			</ol>
		</div>
	</ui:define>
</ui:composition>
</html>